Our family and friends are precious to us.
They show us love.
They are there when we need them.
So when we lose a loved one in death,
we want comfort
from someone who understands.
God and his Son, Jesus, understand.
While on earth,
Jesus experienced the pain
of losing family and friends.
After the death
of a close friend named Lazarus,
Jesus’ grief was intense.
He felt what others felt.
The pain was crushing.
Yet, his empathy
moved him to comfort others.
Still, he wanted to do more.
Jesus spoke with his Father
and brought his friend back to life.
Jehovah God and Jesus have not changed.
They feel pain when people die.
They feel your pain
and have promised to eliminate death.
“[God] will swallow up death forever . . .
“Jehovah will wipe away the tears
from all faces.”
Jesus also gave
this beautiful promise for the future.
“Do not be amazed at this,
“for the hour is coming
“in which all those in the memorial tombs
will hear his voice and come out.”
A special magazine entitled
“Help for Those Who Grieve”
has been prepared to provide comfort.
You can download your copy
free of charge at jw.org.
We are sorry for your loss
and hope that this message
will provide you comfort
during this difficult time.